docs: add virtual hosts articles ADD and EDIT (#945)
devopness/devopness: docs/virtual-hosts/index.md

---
title: Virtual Hosts

> intro: Learn how to configure virtual hosts to register domains and assign IPs for application access

Reviewer: Nope. At the momento Devopness does not `register domains`, so this text here is misleading to the users.

```suggestion
intro: Learn how to configure virtual hosts to have one or more applications publicly accessible on the internet by IP address or domain name
```

> intro: Learn how to configure virtual hosts to have one or more applications publicly accessible on the internet by IP address or domain name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Learn how to configure Virtual Hosts to have one or more applications accessible on the internet, by server IP address or a domain name
```
